docs(add-a-model): document LWMM with data (dvc) (#4065)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/studio/user-guide/prepare-your-repositories.md

   about the features and benefits of DVC [here](/doc/start).

   Refer to the [DVC documentation](https://dvc.org/doc) to initialize a DVC
   repository, or Iterative Studio can

>    [initialize DVC for you](doc/studio/user-guide/model-registry/add-a-model).

Reviewer: Fixing broken link:
```suggestion
   [initialize DVC for you](/doc/studio/user-guide/model-registry/add-a-model).
```

>    repository, or Iterative Studio can
>    [initialize DVC for you](/doc/studio/user-guide/model-registry/add-a-model).

Reviewer: Maybe an admon would be better here, something like:

```suggestion
   repository.

   <admon type="tip">

   Iterative Studio Model Registries can create DVC repos for you when
   [importing model files](/doc/studio/user-guide/model-registry/add-a-model)
   from remote/external locations.

   </admon>
```

Reviewer: Clarified now (suggestion updated, but feel free to further edit it).

Reviewer 2: Updated.
